---
layout: post
title: 1984: rambling impressions
---


## 1984: The masses are more Party than Proles tbh

Forewarning: This is going to be a short but highly opinionated ramble about 1984 (I started reading it for the first time this week) and the United State's current political landscape. Those with an aversion to hipster edgelords who like to wax prose (literally everyone) should leave now.

I took the metro-north up to NYC last weekend and stopped at the Kinokuniya bookstore by Bryant Park. It's absolutely wonderful, three floors of books, manga, silly japanese trinkets and trash. I had been wanting to read 1984 for some time and when I saw a neat and cheap copy I decided to pick it up. After much adventure (left my house and car keys with my girlfriend and had to break into my own house) I was finally able to sit undisturbed and read some classic distopian fiction for the day.

The book itself is very enjoyable, it's not difficult or trying and I found myself drawn back to it throughout the day (which was mostly free as I was still stranded without my car keys). The thing that kept running through my mind was the parallels with Drumf. The thread throughout the recent RNC of feelings and emotions trumping (ha) fact was uncomfortably similar to the abandonment of logic and empirical methods all throughout the book. 

Troubling times. I hope this wave of anti-intellectualism and fearmongering stops soon, but I'm in too large of a liberal bubble to even accurately understand it.

\#Just rambles, needed a commit for my Beeminder goal. 
Harass me: https://www.beeminder.com/nihliphobe
